[merge after dec 5th] adds new hard_deletes config (#6558)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

\* The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability.

## December 2024

> - **New**: The [`hard_deletes`](/reference/resource-configs/hard-deletes) config replaces the `invalidate_hard_deletes` config to give you more control on how to handle deleted rows from the source. Supported options are `ignore`, `invalidate`, and `new_record`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New**: The [`hard_deletes`](/reference/resource-configs/hard-deletes) config gives you more control on how to handle deleted rows from the source. Supported options are `ignore` (default), `invalidate` (replaces the legacy `invalidate_hard_deletes=true`), and `new_record`. 
```

> - **New**: The [`hard_deletes`](/reference/resource-configs/hard-deletes) config gives you more control on how to handle deleted rows from the source. Supported options are `ignore` (default), `invalidate` (replaces the legacy `invalidate_hard_deletes=true`), and `new_record`. 

Reviewer 2: Note: `new_record` will create a new metadata column in the snapshot table whereas the other two will not. This is an important call-out -- should we include it here?
